---
title: "HPC-AI Advisory Council 7th Annual UK Conference"
icon_alt: Award icon
categories:
  - National
group: events
start_date: 2025-10-14
date: 2025-10-15
layout: event
image: assets/images/event-images/HPCAIAdvisoryCouncil.png
project-type: National events
web-page: https://dirac.ac.uk/hpc-ai-advisory-council-7th-annual-uk-conference/
location: Mattioli Woods Welford Road Stadium, Leicester
summary: The seventh annual UK HPC-AI Advisory Council, this year's theme is trustworthy compute with a focus on building a computing ecosystem that the community, and society at large, can depend on.
---

**Join Us for the Seventh Annual UK HPC & AI Conference** 

The esteemed STFC DiRAC Facility and HPC-AI Advisory Council invite you to the seventh annual UK Conference, taking place in person on 14 & 15 October 2025, at the Mattioli Woods Welford Road Stadium, Leicester, the home of the Leicester Tigers rugby team. This two-day gathering offers a unique opportunity to connect with fellow experts and practitioners across High Performance Computing (HPC) and Artificial Intelligence (AI). 

This year’s conference theme, “Trustworthy Compute,” focuses on building a computing ecosystem that the community, and society at large, can depend on. From the reliability of simulation and AI outcomes to uncertainty quantification, AI safety, and sustainable, resilient infrastructure on a range of scales across a heterogeneous computing ecosystem, we’ll explore what it takes to ensure computing practices and systems are both credible and responsible. We’ll also examine how career paths for Research Technical Professionals can evolve to reflect their central role in delivering impact through HPC and AI. 

These conversations aim to surface practical solutions, strengthen collaborative networks, and reinforce public and professional trust in the outcomes enabled by HPC and AI. 

For Students and Early Career Professionals: 

This isn’t just an event, it’s an opportunity to get involved, contribute, and grow. The conference offers a chance to build connections with the UK’s scientific and technical leaders. Whether you’re exploring your future in research or refining your technical career, this is your place to engage and be inspired. 

Have research or insight to share? 

Speaker submissions are now open. Whether you’re developing trusted AI models, improving infrastructure reliability, or advocating for stronger technical career pathways, we want to hear from you—submit your proposal today. We will address pressing challenges and opportunities including: 

* Integrating AI and modelling for robust decision-making 
* Designing sustainable and dependable computing services 
* Enhancing transparency and trust in results 
* Supporting inclusive career development for technical professionals 
* Engaging diverse communities to strengthen the computing ecosystem 
 

Mark your calendar and register today! 

Join us to be part of the conversation, share your voice, and help shape a trustworthy future for computing. The UK HPC & AI Conference is free to attend and open to all. Registration is required. 
