_pages/landscape/add_project.md, before:

---
title: Add details about a new CAKE-related project
layout: title-page
permalink: /landscape/projects/add/
---


We have two ways that you can add details of your new project to our page showcasing CAKE-related work:

 - <a href="https://github.com/CAKE-DRI/cake.github.io" target="_blank">Submit a pull request to the Github repository for our website</a>, adding an appropriate md file into the `collections/_landscape-projects` directory
 - Use the form below. Note that if your project has an image to be displayed with the listing, this will need to be emailed separately to <cake-management@mlist.is.ed.ac.uk>, or you can submit a Github pull request to add the image to the `assets/images/project-images/` folder in our website repo: <https://github.com/CAKE-DRI/CAKE-DRI.github.io>.

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdzBCjXmdKZ29nqAkyDd86cYNWBLfj6AqVZ6d6o1m27UhaoVg/viewform?embedded=true" width="640" height="1261" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading…</iframe>

Commit message:

Creating add project page
And adding into nabigation

_pages/landscape/add_project.md, after:

---
title: Add details about a new CAKE-related project
layout: title-page
permalink: /landscape/add_project/
---

We've got various examples of projects within the DRI-space in this section of the website, but we want more!

We have two ways that you can add details of your new or existing project showcasing any CAKE-related work:

 - <a href="https://github.com/CAKE-DRI/cake.github.io" target="_blank">Submit a pull request to the Github repository for our website</a>, adding an appropriate md file into the `collections/_landscape-projects` directory
 - Use the form below. Note that if your project has an image to be displayed with the listing, this will need to be emailed separately to <cake-management@mlist.is.ed.ac.uk>, or you can submit a Github pull request to add the image to the `assets/images/project-images/` folder in our website repo: <https://github.com/CAKE-DRI/CAKE-DRI.github.io>.

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdzBCjXmdKZ29nqAkyDd86cYNWBLfj6AqVZ6d6o1m27UhaoVg/viewform?embedded=true" width="640" height="1261" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading…</iframe>
